docs(getting-started) Rework instructions for free trials (#2425)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/getting-started-guide/2.1.x/overview.md

want to use HTTPie, install it from [here](https://httpie.org/).
* Any references to “{{site.base_gateway}}” refer to features or concepts
common to both {{site.ce_product_name}} and {{site.ee_gateway_name}}.
* **Cloud-based Enterprise free trial users**: Since the {{site.ee_product_name}}
 free trial is a Kong-hosted cloud trial, you'll need to refer to the generated
 admin and proxy endpoints instead of defining your own, and you don't need to

>  use the port number in the URL. Head to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 use the port number in the URL. See
```
